# Solving Euler's Problems

This Project is setup for solving all the Euler's problems in multiple programing languages including
- JavaScript
- Python
- Java
- Swift
- GoLang
- Php
- C#
- C
- C++
- Scala
- Kotlin
- Ruby

## Latest Solved Problem

### Problem 5: Smallest multiple

**Question:-**
2520 is the smallest number that can be divided by each of the numbers from 1 to 10 without any remainder.
What is the smallest positive number that is evenly divisible by all of the numbers from 1 to 20?

**[View Solution for Problem 5 ](./5/)**

### Problem 4: Largest palindrome product

**Question:-**
A palindromic number reads the same both ways.
The largest palindrome made from the product of two 2-digit numbers is 9009 = 91 × 99.
Find the largest palindrome made from the product of two 3-digit numbers.

**[View Solution for Problem 4 ](./4/)**

### Problem 3: Largest prime factor

**Question:-**
The prime factors of 13195 are 5, 7, 13 and 29.
What is the largest prime factor of the number 600851475143?

**[View Solution for Problem 3 ](./3/)**

### Problem 2: Sum of Even Fibonacci Numbers

**Question:-**
Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be:
1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89, ... By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed given ***limit***, find the sum of the even-valued terms.

**[View Solution for Problem 2 ](./2/)**

### Problem 1: Sum of Multiples of 3 or 5

**Question:-**
If we list all the natural numbers below 10 that are multiples of 3 or 5, we get 3, 5, 6 and 9. The sum of these multiples is 23.
Find the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below the provided input number.

**[View Solution for Problem 1 ](./1/)**